Okay, let's tackle this. The statement is about Chicago's homicide rates under Obama. The user wants me to classify the fallacy here.

First, I need to understand the statement. It says that almost 4,000 people were killed in Chicago since Obama became president. Wait, Obama was president from 2009 to 2017. Let me check the actual numbers. I think Chicago's homicide rate actually decreased during that time. But maybe the speaker is using this statistic to imply that Obama's policies caused the violence, or maybe they're trying to evoke fear.

Looking at the categories. The options are Appeal to Emotion, Appeal to Authority, Ad Hominem, False Cause, Slippery Slope, Slogans. 

The statement is making a claim about the number of killings. If the speaker is implying that Obama's presidency is responsible for the deaths, that could be a False Cause fallacy. False Cause is when two events are correlated, but causation is assumed. For example, saying that because Obama was president, the killings happened. But maybe the speaker is using the number to create an emotional reaction, like fear, which would be Appeal to Emotion. 

Wait, the statement itself is just stating a fact, but the context might be that the speaker is using that fact to attack Obama's policies. But the fallacy here isn't necessarily attacking the person directly (Ad Hominem) unless they're attacking Obama's character. The statement is more about the numbers. 

Alternatively, if the speaker is suggesting that the high number of killings is due to Obama's policies, that's a False Cause. However, the statement doesn't explicitly say that, but the implication might be there. Alternatively, if the speaker is using the emotional impact of the number to sway the audience, that's Appeal to Emotion. 

Wait, the original statement is just stating the number of deaths. But maybe the fallacy is in the way it's presented. If the speaker is using the emotional weight of the number (4,000 deaths) to make the audience feel fear or anger towards Obama, that's an Appeal to Emotion. But the statement itself doesn't attack Obama directly. However, the context of the debate might be that the speaker is using this statistic to imply that Obama's policies are bad, which could be a False Cause if they're assuming causation without evidence. 

Alternatively, maybe it's a False Cause because the speaker is linking Obama's presidency to the killings, implying that his policies caused them. But if there's no evidence, that's False Cause. 

Alternatively, the statement could be a Slogan if it's a catchy phrase, but the statement is more of a statistic. 

Wait, the user's example might be similar to a case where someone uses a statistic to create an emotional reaction. For example, if they say "4,000 people killed" to evoke fear, that's Appeal to Emotion. But if they're using that number to argue that Obama is responsible, that's False Cause. 

Looking back, the original statement is just stating the number. But in the context of a debate, the speaker might be using that number to attack Obama's policies. However, the fallacy classification depends on the structure of the argument. If the speaker is using the emotional impact of the statistic to influence the audience, it's Appeal to Emotion. If they're incorrectly attributing the cause to Obama, it's False Cause. 

But the statement itself doesn't explicitly say that Obama caused the deaths. It's just stating the number. However, in the context of a political debate, the implication might be that Obama's policies led to the violence. If that's the case, then it's a False Cause fallacy. But if the speaker is just presenting the statistic to evoke an emotional response, then it's Appeal to Emotion. 

Alternatively, maybe the statement is a Slogan if it's a repeated phrase, but the statement is more of a factual claim. 

Wait, the user's example might be similar to a case where the fallacy is False Cause. For instance, if someone says that because a policy was implemented, something bad happened, without evidence. But here, the statement is just stating the number. 

Alternatively, the statement could be an Appeal to Emotion because the use of "thousands of people have been killed" is emotionally charged. So the fallacy would be Appeal to Emotion (0), specifically loaded language. 

But I need to check the categories again. The Appeal to Emotion includes loaded language, which is increasing the intensity of a phrase with emotionally charged words. The statement uses "thousands of people have been killed" which is emotionally loaded. So that would be Appeal to Emotion (0). 

Alternatively, if the speaker is using the number to imply that Obama is responsible, that's False Cause (3). But the statement itself doesn't make that connection. It's just stating the fact. However, in the context of a debate, the implication might be there. 

But the question is about the fallacy in the statement. If the statement is just presenting the statistic, it's not a fallacy. But if the speaker is using that statistic to evoke an emotional response to attack Obama, then it's Appeal to Emotion. 

Alternatively, if the speaker is using the number to suggest that Obama's policies caused the deaths, that's False Cause. But the statement doesn't explicitly say that. 

Hmm. Maybe the correct answer is Appeal to Emotion (0) because the use of "thousands of people have been killed" is emotionally charged, which is loaded language. So the classification would be 0. 

Alternatively, if the speaker is using the statistic to imply that Obama's policies are bad, that's False Cause. But I think the main fallacy here is the emotional appeal through loaded language. So I think the answer is Appeal to Emotion (0).